I sold some tickets to come see my downfall, it sold out in minutes.
"I'm crazy, I'm off the meds, I'm better off dead," they said
I'm still young wasting my youth, I'll grow up next summer.
I'm still young, I'm wasted and I'm not getting younger.
I don't do fake love, but I'll take some from you tonight.
I'm overstimulated and I'm sad, I don't expect you to understand.
I saw you walk in the room and I tried my best not to panic while I'm lookin' for the back door.
No license, I'm still ridin', crashed into a tree and kept drivin'.
My life on the outside's fun to them, but the person on the inside is crumblin'.
I'm dead, I don't care about nothin'.
Go ahead and criticize my life you know so much about.
I will not minimize the fact that you counted me out, told all the bad news, and left all the good shit out.
At least make it look good while you're lying to me.
Goddammit, I'm trying to find inner peace.
Roger, no I'm gonna be Kevin dude, I wanna be Kevin the alien.
You know what place blows? Earth.
I know that I'm immature, but at least I'm not a goddamn failure.
Act like you don't see me, we'll play pretend.
Would it kill you to smile?
She looked dead in my eyes and she saw nothing inside.
I keep doing that thing where I'm smoking again, too much and now I'm faded.
I did this all for you, look what I turned into.
I'm running low on serotonin in these empty moments.
I'm having trouble operating without my main component.
I'm writing you this message just so I can say that I love you.
I think it's time for me to leave but I'll never leave you.
I'm twenty-nine my anxiety's eating me alive, I'm fighting with myself and my sobriety every night.
I hope you got a plan, catch me if you can hoe.
Ridin' shotty 'cause I gotta roll this dope, it's a fast road.
Lately I've been having crazy thoughts.
Stop the debate if my name isn't mentioned in this generation as one of the greatest.
I'm so close to the dream that I can't go to sleep.
Sometimes I wanna fuckin' scream or run away, I don't know.
I've been through hell, I think I'm somewhere in-between.
If I show you love, then will you always tell the truth?
I never die, I multiply, so don't cry at my funeral.
Fuck 'em, I still turn coyotes into road runners.
Don't know why, but it feels like my world is crashing down. I just bought a brand new car, I want to crash it now.
On the front page like that.
Wish I could erase the mistakes that I made, I'm sorry
Some days, I feel like I let myself down
I hurt myself sometimes, is that too scary for ya'?
Spaceships see me when I'm up, yeah.
Kissed by an angel, touched by the devil.
I heard 'em saying they doing it first, I'm doing this shit for the eighth time.
Why do I need this medicine to control my anger?
Clinically I'm insane.
RIP, it feel like all my friends keep turning poltergeist.
Wallets bigger than Chris Wallace, dead presidents inside, it's haunted.
I just cut the grass and showed the motherfuckin' snakes.
